"The original Wii (maybe 15 years) started out not being able to read the discs at times and removing the disc and putting it in seemed to resolve the issue. Cleaning the disc seemed to help, but over time some discs would no longer work, and finally none.\n\nAfter swapping the SD and older memory, we were able to pick up where we left off.\n\nThe one mistake I made was not swapping the SD memory before testing any games. One of our favorite games we have played for years, would not show the progression. I had to delete the newly created profile and recover from my original SD. Now all is well and we are able to enjoy the games we've played for many years."

"Pros - It runs discs perfect, set up nice, sensor and controller perfect, all slots for controllers and memory cards work, instructions for pairing the wiimote to the device is included, as well as a business card that MAY of had a contact number or email- I honestly forgot since its been about 2 months since I've unboxed it. Ive played both Wii and Gamecube titles from disc and had 0 freezes or anything fishy to effect my gameplay. Honestly the frame rate seemed better than I remember my one from childhood having- maybe its just me.\n\nCons - Im noticing though that the Wii settings in the start menu dont seem to stick? It seems I must switch my screen ratio and controller volume every time I play. It doesnt annoy me to the point where its a real bother in my mind, but worth noting in case thats a deal breaker for you (Its set to standard by default). The controller is defaulted to too high a volume for me, so I simply put a piece of electrical tape over the speaker to muffle it when I['m too lazy or] forget to change volumes and its been fine.\n\nI want to also warn people that come across this too to save you a panic attack: my wavebird controller made the system have a hard time trying to... register it? So, I plugged it in and it wasnt working with my game, even though the indicator said my controller was on and responding to my gestures. About 30 seconds later, it would kick on and kept working until I turned it off. This happened for the first week give or take, maybe 10 uses before it started being immediately responsive as soon as the system booted up. Have had zero problems with it since, but I had to mention that so no one here has their heart momentarily sink while they have thousand year door, galaxy, and twlight princess all ready to go lol\n\nIve kept it running for a period of 4 days consecutively, use and abuse it, and it doesnt even get warm sometimes or hum. It's so so pindrop quiet which I love. Ill just wrap it up and say, this was the best priced system I could find with the basics to get you going. Im totally happy with it, and would recommend buying from this vendor."

"Was hesitant to buy a reconditioned unit. However my grandson has been asking for one as one of his friends has one. it came quick and very well packed. Everything was just as described and in great shape. Game console works great. Happy purchase"

""

"As I said, the console works perfectly fine, everything is nicely packaged, works flawlessly. Everything except the wiimote. It randomly shuts off when being waved around or being set down, won't turn on again unless I rotate the batteries in the battery pack. It happens very frequently as well, 2 or 3 times per Mario kart race. Not sure why this is an issue, but it's probably pretty rare to have this happen. Does kinda suck dealing with it though. Other than that everything is fine."

"Our Wii stopped working and none of the TikTok fixes brought it back to life. So happy to be able to workout to Just Dance 2 again. My now grown girls are gonna love coming home to compete for the new high scores...but I'll be ready!!\n\nThe accessories needed to be cleaned, but overall in good shape and most importantly, it works. Wish Nintendo would do a retro Wii product."

"Needed to replace my older Wii game console. Great price. Easy to order from site. Kept me informed all along the way until delivered. Delivered on time. Set up and working! Thank you for the great product and service. F Stars!"

"Product came with everything, and it works great!"

