"Bought this for my son for his birthday. It is clean like new. Unknown to me, this was a bundle version that came with digital copies of Super Mario 3D World and Nintendo land. The disk drive works well and the GamePad holds a charge. Playing has been so much fun that we hadn't been able to put it down since it arrived."

"I'm deducting 1 star because the power cable that came with this was damaged. It worked, but the plastic cover of the cable was split. I replaced it and am happy with the console overall. Everything worked."

"Dislike, item still unable to work!"

"It works great I would recommend it to anybody who loves the Wii U and the Wii games I would definitely buy it again if I had to"

"Wii U works really good & the gamepad screen had no scratches & wasn\u2019t dirty or dusty. It was like I had just bought it back in 2013. It plays games super well & for Pikmin 3 it demonstrates the Wii U\u2019s power, features all super well. I wish it came with a memory card with it or at least gave which memory card brand is compatible for the Wii U, but that\u2019s just a nitpick & not very much important. I can just look up the memory card compatible later."

"Initially everything looked fine, some light scuffing but otherwise no visible damage. However it was once I powered it on and attempted to sync the gamepad that I realized I was sent a completely broken console.\nThe buttons on the front of the console itself were nearly unresponsive, as if someone had continuously pushed them in way too hard and completely damaged them. The gamepad screen did not work at all, making it completely impossible to sync to the console. I attempted to sync a standard wiimote I already owned and knew for sure worked (it still pairs to my wii just fine) but alas, no dice. I doubt the issue would be fixed by simply replacing the gamepad. I could also tell it hadn\u2019t been factory reset, as pretty much the only thing I was able to do was see the existing profiles.\nTo top it all off it definitely hadn\u2019t been properly cleaned. After about an hour and a half of troubleshooting my hands were starting to get sticky \ud83e\udd22 I\u2019m not sure how this constitutes as \u201crenewed\u201d because I doubt anyone even touched the console before sending it. I will be returning it and looking elsewhere."

"Arrived quickly, nicely packaged in a plain white cardboard box. Overall pretty good condition, but gamepad has only about 5-10 minutes of battery life. So now I need to order a replacement battery.\nNow that I'm looking more closely, I can see that the battery cover on the back of the gamepad is bulged. And sure enough, when I removed the battery pack, it is seriously swollen.\nThe battery pack is a small 1500ma pack. It sits in a very large battery compartment.\nAfter searching on amazon, I see I can get a slightly upgraded 2000ma pack for about $10 or a bigger 6600ma pack for just over $20. Some of them even come with the very small PH0 Philips screwdriver needed to open the battery compartment.\n\n\"This product is inspected, tested, and refurbished, as necessary to be fully functional according to Amazon Renewed standards.\" Amazon standards are apparently pretty low if this is an example of their idea of \"fully functional\".\n\nOverall I would still probably recommend this unit, but be ready to spend another $10-20 for a new battery pack."

"Came quick and the condition was as described. Works great except for the Nintendo Land disc that came with it which is unreadable which is why I took a star off. Be nice if that had worked. That being said everything needed for hookup is there and all in great condition and wrapped perfectly. Included two controllers as well which was a nice surprise. Overall pleased with this purchase so far. Will update with any problems that may arise later."

